all right check sure I'm in for 50 cents
call oh man I see you're 50 cents and I
raise you five dollars I thought it was
a 50-cent limit I just lost a job and
I'd like to raise the bed five bucks
does anybody have a problem with that
loser
no I fold
what do you mean is fold a come on who
did this I thought that once the cards
are dealt I'm not a nice guy I mean what
were you just full of it hmm
I mean how many one one killer takes
church what do you bet
about $2 okay see you two should I raise
you 20
what I see your 20 where's your 25 here
25 and Monica get my purse
Rachel there's nothing in it
okay then get me your purse you baby
here you go good luck thank you
I saw your 25 and I raised you 7 t
Joey I'm a little shy
that's okay Ross you can ask me
what do you need what do you need 15 oh
yes yeah I got 5 I got fun thank you
good luck hmm okay I am calling you're
what do you got
full house
that's all right that's a tough hand to
beat I thought we had down when you
don't have the carts around the cards
you know but uh look how happy she is
here man here please Airport Airport 75
Airport 77 airport 79 times up
bye-bye birdie go uh beam beam The
Unbearable Lightness of being
you